
Terms & Conditions

1.	What do You need to know about The Infrastructure Deals Network Ltd and these Terms?
1.1	We are The Infrastructure Deals Network Ltd, a limited company registered in England and Wales with Kemp House, 160 City Road, London, United Kingdom, EC1V 2NX and registered number 12894864 (referred to as “we”, “us”, “Infrastructure Deals Network” and “IDN”)).
1.2	IDN provides the Platform and the Services.
1.3	Capitalised terms used herein are set out in Schedule 1 hereto.
2.	Agreement to these Terms
2.1	The Advisor is advised to review these Terms carefully and make sure that it understands them before using the Platform or Services. If the Advisor does not agree to these Terms, it must cease use of the Platform and Services immediately.
2.2	The Advisor is deemed to have unequivocally and irrevocably agreed to become legally bound to each and every provision of these Terms:
i.	by using the Platform on www.idn.ltdand/or the Services online or offline; and/or
ii.	by clicking on the Platform to tick the unchecked tick box required in order to create an account.
2.3	The Advisor acknowledges and agrees that any personal data provided by or about it will be processed by IDN in accordance with:
i.	the Privacy Policy; and
ii.	paragraph 11 of these Terms.
3.	How are these Terms amended?
3.1	IDN may modify these Terms by giving the Advisor at least three (3) days’ prior written notice. IDN will notify the Advisor of any changes to these Terms by emailing the Advisor (to the email address provided by the Advisor to IDN on www.idn.ltd, in the Advisor’s Platform account). It is the Advisor’s responsibility to ensure that a correct and current email address is always associated with its Platform account.
3.2	Any changes to these Terms will take effect at the expiry of three (3) days from the date of notifying any changes to these Terms and being emailed by IDN to the email address provided by the Advisor to IDN on www.idn.ltd. The Advisor explicitly accepts that such changes shall take effect irrespective of whether the email referenced in paragraph 3.1 has been delivered successfully by reason of the Advisor not having updated his email address, such email going into the Advisor’s spam box or for any other reason.


4.	Whose responsibility is it to update the Advisor’s information?
4.1	By using the Platform, the Advisor warrants that all registration information provided by the Advisor is true, accurate, complete and not misleading, and the Advisor undertakes and agrees to keep such information up-to-date and current.
4.2	IDN accepts no liability for any loss or damage suffered by an Advisor by reason of any registration information being incorrect.

5.	How does an Advisor use the Platform and Services?
5.1	IDN provides the Platform and Services to the Advisor on and subject to these Terms.
Opportunity sharing:
5.2	The Advisor exercises its sole and absolute discretion in using the Platform and Services. The Advisor may (but shall have no obligation to) share details of an Opportunity via the Platform.
5.3	By sharing an Opportunity, the Advisor represents and warrants to IDN that the Opportunity meets the Requirements. The Advisor will be required to confirm via a form provided once details of an Opportunity have been input that the Requirements are met.
5.4	The Advisor represents and warrants that:
i.	all information provided by the Advisor in the form detailed in paragraph 5.3 is true, accurate, complete and not misleading;
ii.	no price sensitive information will be provided by the Advisor relating to any Target listed on any stock market according to rules issued by any applicable regulatory authority (including, without limitation, any relevant securities exchange) that is not proven to be already classified as public information;
iii.	where the Advisor has indicated that a Requirement is satisfied, that indication is correct;
iv.	the Advisor is not prevented by any contractual or regulatory obligation or any applicable laws from publishing the Opportunity;
v.	the Advisor has sufficient skill and experience to understand in full its contractual, regulatory and legal obligations and the implications of publishing the Opportunity;
vi.	the Advisor has not been induced to publish the Opportunity by IDN; and
vii.	IDN is not qualified to provide, and has not provided Advice to the Advisor in relation to the suitability of any particular Opportunity to a specific Firm or otherwise. Any ancillary guidance relating to presentation or general suitability of an Opportunity for submission to the Platform shall not be relied upon by the Advisor and shall not constitute Advice.
The Advisor acknowledges and agrees that any breach of the representations and warranties in paragraph 5.4 shall be a material breach of these Terms giving rise to the consequences set out in paragraph 13.
5.5	Once the Advisor has submitted the form referenced in paragraph 5.3, the Opportunity is reviewed by IDN. IDN may contact the Advisor to discuss the Opportunity. IDN in its sole and absolute discretion may elect to accept or reject for publication the Opportunity. The Advisor may not appeal any rejection and may not resubmit a rejected Opportunity for review. The Advisor explicitly acknowledges that in no circumstance shall IDN be liable to the Advisor for the consequences of IDN electing not to accept an Opportunity for publication on IDN.
5.6	On acceptance of the Opportunity for publication, the Platform shares the Opportunity to Firms based on their pre-selected criteria (including without limitation relating to deal size and sector). Firms interested in an Opportunity communicated to them may register their interest with the Advisor via the Platform.
5.7	The Advisor may only remove an Opportunity from the Platform:
i.	where it has not selected a Firm for an Opportunity in accordance with paragraph 5.8; or
ii.	where it has served a Pre-Introduction Termination Notice in accordance with paragraph 5.11; or
iii.	where the Firm and the Target terminated discussions, in accordance with paragraph 5.14.
Opportunity matching:
5.8	The Advisor may in its sole and absolute discretion elect to select one Firm that has expressed an interest in the Opportunity to engage with further in respect of the Opportunity.  Upon selection, the Advisor is required to disclose the name of the Target to the selected Firm at which time the NDA in the form of Annex 1 shall automatically come into effect and be binding on the Firm and the Advisor in respect of the Opportunity.
5.9	The selected Firm might in its sole and absolute discretion request the Advisor to make an introduction of the Firm to the Target. The Advisor is not obliged to accept, and shall not make any introduction unless requested by the Firm.  An Introduction may be made in any of the following ways:
i.	at a meeting, either via phone, video, or in person, between the Firm and the Target; or
ii.	the Target, or the Advisor on behalf of the Target, providing Documentation (via email, the Platform’s messaging functionality or such other medium the Advisor reasonably determines) to the Firm.
5.10	All information disclosed to a Firm by the Advisor (including without limitation the Documentation and the name of the Target) shall be subject to the NDA in the form of Annex 1 in respect of all Confidential Information from the moment at which the name of the Target is disclosed to the Advisor in accordance with paragraph 5.8 above.
Termination of engagement with a Firm
5.11	In the event that the Advisor has started to engage with a Firm, but an Introduction has not yet taken place, the Advisor may at any time terminate discussions with immediate effect by providing written notice to IDN via the Platform (a “Pre-Introduction Termination Notice”). IDN shall then Notify the Firm via the Platform that a Pre-Introduction Termination Notice has occurred. The Firm shall remain subject to the provisions of the NDA in accordance with Annex 1 notwithstanding termination of any discussions.
5.12	In the event that the Advisor has already made an Introduction, the Advisor shall not terminate discussions between the Firm and the Target and is subject to the obligations pursuant to the NDA in the form of Annex 1. However, either the Firm or the Target may terminate discussions and such termination shall also apply to the Advisor in respect of the Opportunity. If the Advisor believes that discussions between the Firm and the Target have been terminated, it may seek to disengage by notifying IDN. In the event that the Firm has not provided a confirmation to IDN that discussions are ongoing by the expiry of seventy-two (72) hours after the date of the notification referenced above, the Firm shall be deemed to have issued a Termination Notice. The Advisor is bound by the NDA in the form of Annex 1 until such time as IDN has notified the Advisor that the Firm has issued (or is deemed to have issued) a Termination Notice. Thereafter, the Advisor may select another Firm and make an Introduction, or withdraw the Opportunity from the Platform but for the avoidance of doubt any information shared by the Firm to the Advisor in the context of the engagement in respect of the Opportunity shall continue to be treated as Confidential Information and subject to the NDA in the form of Annex 1.
5.13	At any time after the expiry of fourteen (14) days after the date of an Introduction, so long as a Termination Notice has not been issued, the Advisor may (but is not required to) issue a notice to the Firm (the “Long Stop Notice”) giving the Firm fourteen (14) days to:
i.	accept the Long Stop Notice which shall extend discussions between the Firm and Target; or
ii.	submit a Non-Binding Offer (in which case the Firm and the Target may continue to work towards a Transaction); or
iii.	terminate the engagement with the Advisor (which shall also terminate the discussions between the Firm and the Target in respect of the Opportunity) in which case it shall send a Termination Notice to IDN. In the event that the Firm does not respond to a Long Stop Notice within fourteen (14) days of receipt, the Firm will be deemed to have issued a Termination Notice. In all circumstances detailed in this paragraph 5.13(iii), the Firm and the Advisor shall remain bound by the NDA in the form of Annex 1;
5.14	The Firm may terminate discussions with the Target and the Advisor at any point by Notifying IDN. In such circumstances the Firm shall remain bound by the NDA in the form of Annex 1.
6.	Fees
6.1	Once a Firm has successfully Closed a Transaction arising from an Introduction, the Advisor who made the Introduction shall be entitled to a Success Fee calculated in accordance with Part A of Schedule 2 by reference to the Enterprise Value of the Target as stated in the Non-Binding Offer in proportion to the percentage of the Fully Diluted Share Capital of the Target issued or Transferred when the Transaction is Closed [or (if different) as recorded in, or derived from, the Transaction documentation].
6.2	In the event of any dispute as to the correct Enterprise Value, shall be finally resolved by arbitration under the LCIA Rules, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this clause. The number of arbitrators shall be one. The seat, or legal place, of arbitration shall be London, United Kingdom. The language to be used in the arbitral proceedings shall be English. The governing law of the contract shall be the substantive law of England and Wales.
6.3	The Firm is obligated to Notify IDN (who shall Notify the Advisor) within seven (7) days of Completion. Within fourteen (14) days of receiving a notification of Completion, IDN shall issue and send to the Firm an invoice in the amount of the Success Fee, plus any applicable VAT or other sales tax or duty legally required to be charged in accordance with applicable law. The Firm is required to pay such invoice within thirty (30) days of the date of receipt, to IDN’s nominated bank account from time to time.
6.4	The Advisor shall provide an invoice for the Success Fee to IDN. Conditional on receipt of an invoice, IDN shall use all reasonable endeavours to pay the Advisor the Success Fee, minus any deductions required under these Terms, within a reasonable timeframe and in any event by no later than thirty (30) days from the date on which it was received.
6.5	It is the Advisor’s responsibility to provide IDN with valid, up-to-date and complete bank account details and any other relevant valid, up-to-date and complete contact and billing details. IDN accepts no responsibility for any delayed or lost Success Fee in the event that the Advisor has provided IDN with the wrong or outdated details.
General
6.6	All sums payable in accordance with these Terms shall be read as being exclusive of VAT and equivalent sales taxes. The Firm shall pay to IDN in addition to such sums any VAT or equivalent sales taxes to the extent chargeable in accordance with applicable laws. In the event that any Transaction is carried out, or any payment due, in a currency other than Pounds Sterling, the exchange rate published by the Bank of England at https://www.bankofengland.co.uk/statistics/exchange-rates on the day of Closing shall be used to determine the Pounds Sterling equivalent for the purposes of calculating any fee due in accordance with Schedule 2.
6.7	The Advisor acknowledges and agrees that it is the Advisor’s responsibility to ensure that any bank account or other payment details provided to IDN are correct. IDN disclaims all liability for the Advisor’s failure to receive any payment from IDN by reason of incorrect bank account or other payment details being associated with the Advisor’s Platform account.
7.	Advisor Consultancy Work
7.1	A Firm may (in its sole and absolute discretion), seek to engage an Advisor for paid Consulting Work . In the event that a Firm wishes to engage an Advisor for Consultancy Work, it must submit a Consultancy Offer via the Platform to the Advisor.
7.2	On receipt of a Consultancy Offer, the Advisor can either choose to accept, or reject the Consultancy Offer in its sole and absolute discretion. In the event that the Advisor accepts a Consultancy Offer, the Firm and the Advisor shall automatically be deemed to have entered into a Consultancy Agreement. The Consultancy Agreement states that all Consultancy Fees shall be paid to IDN as agent on behalf of the Advisor.
7.3	The Advisor undertakes to use the Consultancy Agreement for any Consultancy Work it completes for a Firm introduced to it via the Platform. The Advisor agrees that it cannot contract separately with a Firm for Consultancy Work outside of the Platform for any reason.
7.4	The Advisor acknowledges and agrees that any Consultancy Fees earned for Consultancy Work in respect of an Opportunity Introduced by that Advisor will be offset against the Success Fee payable on Closing of such Transaction in accordance with paragraph 6.1 (if applicable).
7.5	In the event that an Opportunity becomes subjected to a Competitive Process, any Consultancy Agreement then in force related to that Opportunity shall automatically terminate upon receiving a Notice from the Firm with immediate effect. Any separate Consultancy Work unrelated to any Opportunity shared by the Advisor shall remain in full force and effect. It will be at the Firm’s sole and absolute discretion whether it terminates or re-engages with the Advisor.
7.6	The Firm can re-engage the Advisor either:
i.	via another Consultancy Agreement, in which case any Consultancy Fees that had accrued prior to termination of the original Consultancy Agreement will be payable; or
ii.	on any other transaction or dealing unrelated to any Opportunity within the Platform.
7.7	On the fourteenth (14) day of each calendar month during the term of any Consultancy Agreement, the Advisor shall Notify IDN of the amount of its Consultancy Fee due from the Firm and the number of days worked by the Advisor as part of the engagement during the preceding calendar month. IDN shall then submit a Notification to the relevant Firm detailing the amount of Consultancy Fees due which the Firm shall be required to review and (if agreed) accept.
7.8	IDN shall submit an invoice to the Firm by no later than the end of each calendar month for any approved Consultant Fees. The Firm shall have fourteen (14) days to pay the Consultancy Fees in full to IDN.
7.9	On receipt of Consultancy Fees from a Firm pursuant to a Consultancy Agreement, IDN will subtract an amount equal to 20% plus any VAT from such Consultancy Fees and shall retain this as its commission (the “IDN Commission”). IDN shall provide the Advisor with an invoice for the IDN Commission, and shall remit the balance of the Consultancy Fees to the Advisor within fourteen (14) days of receipt.
7.10	For the avoidance of doubt, IDN shall have no obligation to pay any Consultancy Fees to the Advisor until those Consultancy Fees have been received by IDN and the IDN Commission has been deducted by IDN.
8.	Origination Mandate work
8.1	A Firm may, via the Platform, make a request (a “Request”) to engage an Advisor to look for investment opportunities for Targets matching the Mandate Requirements.
8.2	Requests are assigned at the discretion of the Firm. An Advisor may in its sole and absolute discretion elect to reject or accept a Request. IDN facilitates Requests by providing a portal within the Platform for Firms to submit Requests. The Advisor and the Firm are required to sign an Origination Mandate Agreement.
8.3	The Origination Mandate Agreement shall remain in force for a minimum term of three (3) months, which term can be extended at the Firm’s discretion.
8.4	In a Request, the Firm shall provide the following information:
i.	the Mandate Requirements; and
ii.	details of any companies that the Advisor is not permitted to contact.
8.5	In the event that the Advisor submits a specific Opportunity to the Firm in accordance with the Origination Mandate Agreement, the Firm and the Advisor shall enter into or be deemed to have entered into an NDA in the form of Annex 1 in respect of such Opportunity. The Firm will have up to two (2) weeks to request an Introduction to the Target. In the event the Firm fails to request an Introduction in accordance with this paragraph 8.5 within the stated period, or rejects the Opportunity, the Advisor will be entitled to share the Opportunity with third parties via the Platform. The Firm shall remain bound by the NDA in the form of Annex 1.
8.6	In the event that the Firm requests an Introduction from the Advisor, and the Advisor makes an Introduction, IDN shall send an invoice to the Firm for the Origination Mandate Introduction Fee at the end of the calendar month in which the Introduction occurred. Payment of the Origination Mandate Introduction Fee shall be in the same manner as set out in paragraphs 6.6 and 6.7.
8.7	In the event the Firm Closes a Transaction as a result of an Opportunity Introduced by the Advisor pursuant to an Origination Mandate Agreement, the Advisor shall be paid a Success Fee under the same terms as set out in paragraph 6.  The Advisor agrees that any Origination Mandate Introduction Fee received will be offset against the final Success Fee payable to the Advisor and calculated in accordance with Part A of Schedule 2.
8.8	The Advisor cannot terminate the Original Mandate Agreement prior to the expiry of the period set out in paragraph 8.3. The rules on termination of any engagement with the Firm in respect of any Opportunity identified by the Advisor shall be the same as detailed above, save that the Advisor shall have no right to send a Long Stop Notice in respect of an Opportunity pursuant to an Origination Mandate Agreement.
9.	What are the Advisor’s obligations?
9.1	The Advisor shall:
i.	provide IDN with:
(i)	all necessary co-operation in relation to these Terms; and
(ii)	all necessary access to such information as may be required by IDN,
in order to provide the Services, and perform payments to Advisor based on all required information, including but not limited to Advisor Data, security access information and configuration services;
ii.	without affecting its other obligations under these Terms, comply with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to its activities under these Terms;
iii.	obtain and shall maintain all necessary licences, consents, and permissions necessary for IDN, its contractors and agents to perform their obligations under these Terms, including without limitation the Services;
iv.	ensure that its network and systems comply with the relevant specifications provided by IDN from time to time; and
v.	be, to the extent permitted by law and except as otherwise expressly provided in this agreement, solely responsible for procuring, maintaining and securing its network connections and telecommunications links from its systems to IDN’s data centres, and all problems, conditions, delays, delivery failures and all other loss or damage arising from or relating to the Advisor's network connections or telecommunications links or caused by the internet.
9.2	The Advisor must not at any point during the Advisor’s use of the Platform and Services do anything which may circumvent IDN or otherwise breach the terms of the NDA in the form of Annex 1 hereto in any way, including but not limited to:
i.	offering Opportunities registered with IDN to Firms outside of the Platform. All Opportunities, once registered with the Platform and until removed in accordance with these Terms, must be shared only with Firms on the Platform. Once an Opportunity has been withdrawn from the Platform in accordance with the other provisions of these Terms, the Advisor may share the Opportunity outside of the Platform as it sees fit;
ii.	making a separate agreement (of any kind) directly or indirectly with any Firm which is intended to, or could have the effect of, disintermediating IDN from the Opportunity or any resulting Transaction and/or to avoid payment of some or all of any fee payable to IDN in accordance with these Terms;
iii.	sharing any Opportunity directly with a Firm with whom the Advisor has engaged via the Platform;
iv.	outside of the Platform, be engaged by any Firm with whom the Advisor has engaged via the Platform under any engagement substantially similar in nature to that of an Origination Mandate Agreement or a Consultancy Agreement . The Advisor undertakes to promptly notify IDN in the event that any such  agreement is signed and to either register such agreement as either an Origination Mandate Agreement or a Consultancy Agreement, or terminate such agreement in each case via the Platform; and
v.	acting, or inducing any other person to act, otherwise than in good faith to IDN.
9.3	For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this paragraph 9.2 precludes any direct “off Platform” communication between the Advisor and a Firm so long as the requirements of this paragraph 9.3 are complied with.
9.4	The Advisor shall not distribute or transmit any material during the course of its use of the Services that:
i.	is unlawful, harmful, threatening, defamatory, obscene, infringing, harassing or racially or ethnically offensive;
ii.	facilitates illegal activity;
iii.	depicts sexually explicit images;
iv.	promotes unlawful violence;
v.	is discriminatory based on race, gender, colour, religious belief, sexual orientation, disability; or
vi.	is otherwise illegal or causes damage or injury to any person or property,
and IDN reserves the right, without liability or prejudice to its other rights to the Advisor, to disable the Advisor's access to any material that breaches the provisions of this paragraph.
9.5	The Advisor shall not:
i.	except as may be allowed by any applicable law which is incapable of exclusion by agreement between the parties and except to the extent expressly permitted under these Terms:
(i)	attempt to copy, modify, duplicate, create derivative works from, frame, mirror, republish, download, display, transmit, or distribute all or any portion of the Platform in any form or media or by any means; or
(ii)	attempt to de-compile, reverse compile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise reduce to human-perceivable form all or any part of the Platform; or
ii.	access all or any part of the Services in order to build a product or service which competes with the Services; or
iii.	use the Services to provide services to third parties; or
iv.	license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, display, disclose, or otherwise commercially exploit, or otherwise make the Services available to any third party; or
v.	attempt to obtain, or assist third parties in obtaining, access to the Services, other than as explicitly contemplated herein; or
vi.	introduce or permit the introduction of, any worms, Trojan horses, viruses and other similar things or devices (each a “Virus” and together the “Viruses”) into IDN’s network and information systems.
9.6	The Advisor shall use all reasonable endeavours to prevent any unauthorised access to, or use of, the Services and, in the event of any such unauthorised access or use, promptly Notify IDN.
10.	What are IDN’s rights and obligations?
10.1	In providing Advisors with access to the Platform and/or the Services, IDN reserves the following rights, and, in accessing, browsing or otherwise using the Platform each Advisor grants to and agrees that IDN shall have the following rights:
i.	the right to refuse or withdraw the Advisor’s access to the Platform and/or terminate the Advisor’s account without notice and without liability if, in IDN’s sole and absolute discretion, the Advisor violates, attempts to violate or breaches any of these Terms or any applicable law or regulation, or if any act or omission of the Advisor brings, or is likely to bring, the Platform into disrepute;
ii.	the right to amend or update the Platform, fees, billing methods or these Terms from time to time;
iii.	the right without notice, to remove content, materials or the Advisor’s account for any reason whatsoever at IDN’s sole and absolute discretion, including without limitation content and materials which are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libellous, defamatory, obscene or which infringe third party rights, or where the account is used to propagate any such content or materials; and
iv.	the right to access the Advisor’s account in order to respond to its requests for technical support so long as IDN maintains reasonably appropriate administrative physical and technical safeguards for the protection of the security and confidentiality and integrity of the Advisor’s data.
10.2	IDN:
i.	does not warrant that:
(i)	the Services and/or the information obtained by the Advisor through the Services will meet the Advisor's requirements;
(ii)	the Platform or the Services will be free from a weakness in the computational logic (for example, code) found in software and hardware components that when exploited, results in a negative impact to the confidentiality, integrity, or availability;
(iii)	the Platform or Services will comply with any laws, regulations, codes, guidance (from regulatory and advisory bodies, whether mandatory or not), international and national standards, industry schemes and sanctions, which are applicable to either the Advisor or a Firm relating to security of network and information systems and security breach and incident reporting requirements, which may include the cybersecurity Directive ((EU) 2016/1148), Commission Implementing Regulation ((EU) 2018/151), the Network and Information systems Regulations 2018 (SI 506/2018), all as amended or updated from time to time; or
(iv)	the Advisor’s use of the Platform and/or the Services will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that the Services and/or the information obtained by the Advisor through the Services will meet the Advisor’s requirements,
ii.	is not responsible for any delays, delivery failures, or any other loss or damage resulting from the transfer of data over communications networks and facilities, including the internet, and the Advisor acknowledges that the Services may be subject to limitations, delays and other problems inherent in the use of such communications facilities.
10.3	The Advisor acknowledges and agrees that IDN is not responsible or liable for the activities, work product or behaviour of any Firm, Target or third party with whom it is in communication as a result of using the Services.
10.4	IDN warrants that it has and will maintain all necessary licences, consents, and permissions necessary for the performance of its obligations under these Terms.
11.	How does IDN use Your personal data?
11.1	The following definitions shall apply to this paragraph 11:
Controller, processor, data subject, personal data, personal data breach, processing and appropriate technical and organisational measures:  as defined in the Data Protection Legislation.
Advisor Data: the data input by the Advisor, or IDN on the Advisor's behalf for the purpose of using the Services or facilitating the Advisor's use of the Services.
Data Protection Legislation: all applicable data protection and privacy legislation in force from time to time in the UK including the UK implementation of the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) as implemented by the Data Protection Act 2018; the Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive 2002/58/EC (as updated by Directive 2009/136/EC) and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (SI 2003/2426) as amended and, to the extent that the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) applies to the processing of any personal data, such legislation as in force from time to time.
11.2	The Advisor shall own all right, title and interest in and to all of the Advisor Data that is not personal data and shall have sole responsibility for the legality, reliability, integrity, accuracy and quality of all such Advisor Data.
11.3	The Advisor and IDN will comply with all applicable requirements of the Data Protection Legislation. This paragraph 11 is in addition to, and does not relieve, remove or replace, a party's obligations or rights under the Data Protection Legislation.
11.4	Both the Advisor and IDN acknowledge that:
i.	if IDN processes any personal data on the Advisor's behalf when performing its obligations under these Terms, the Advisor is the controller and IDN is the processor for the purposes of the Data Protection Legislation.
ii.	IDN and the Advisor shall set out the scope, nature and purpose of processing by IDN, the duration of the processing and the types of personal data and categories of data subject upon the Advisor’s use of the Platform; and
iii.	personal data may be transferred or stored by IDN outside of the UK, EEA or the country where the Advisor is located, in order to carry out the Services and IDN’s other obligations under these Terms.
11.5	Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph 11.3, the Advisor will ensure that it has all necessary appropriate consents and notices in place to enable lawful transfer of the personal data to IDN for the duration and purposes of these Terms so that IDN may lawfully use, process and transfer the personal data in accordance with these Terms on the Advisor's behalf.
11.6	Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph 11.3, IDN shall, in relation to any personal data processed in connection with the performance by IDN of its obligations under these Terms:
i.	process that personal data only on the documented written instructions of the Advisor unless IDN is required by the laws of any member of the European Union or by the laws of the European Union applicable to IDN and/or Domestic UK Law (where “Domestic UK Law” means the UK Data Protection Legislation and any other law that applies in the UK) to process personal data (“Applicable Laws”). Where IDN is relying on Applicable Laws as the basis for processing personal data, IDN shall promptly Notify the Advisor of this before performing the processing required by the Applicable Laws unless those Applicable Laws prohibit IDN from so Notifying the Advisor;
ii.	not transfer any personal data outside of the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom unless the following conditions are fulfilled:
(i)	the Advisor or IDN has provided appropriate safeguards in relation to the transfer;
(ii)	the data subject has enforceable rights and effective legal remedies;
(iii)	IDN complies with its obligations under the Data Protection Legislation by providing an adequate level of protection to any personal data that is transferred; and
(iv)	IDN complies with reasonable instructions Notified to it in advance by the Advisor with respect to the processing of the personal data,
iii.	assist the Advisor, at the Advisor's cost, in responding to any request from a data subject and in ensuring compliance with its obligations under the Data Protection Legislation with respect to security, breach Notifications, impact assessments and consultations with supervisory authorities or regulators;
iv.	Notify the Advisor without undue delay on becoming aware of a personal data breach;
v.	at the written direction of the Advisor, delete or return personal data and copies thereof to the Advisor on termination of the agreement unless required by Applicable Law to store the personal data (and for these purposes the term "delete" shall mean to put such data beyond use); and
vi.	maintain complete and accurate records and information to demonstrate its compliance with this paragraph 11 and immediately inform the Advisor if, in the opinion of IDN, an instruction infringes the Data Protection Legislation.
11.7	Each of IDN and the Advisor shall ensure that it has in place appropriate technical and organisational measures, reviewed and approved by the other party, to protect against unauthorised or unlawful processing of personal data and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data, appropriate to the harm that might result from the unauthorised or unlawful processing or accidental loss, destruction or damage and the nature of the data to be protected, having regard to the state of technological development and the cost of implementing any measures (those measures may include, where appropriate, pseudonymising and encrypting personal data, ensuring confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of its systems and services, ensuring that availability of and access to personal data can be restored in a timely manner after an incident, and regularly assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of the technical and organisational measures adopted by it).
11.8	Either of IDN or the Advisor may at any time on not less than thirty (30) days' notice, revise this paragraph 11 by replacing it with any applicable controller to processor standard clauses or similar terms forming part of an applicable certification scheme (which shall apply when replaced by attachment to these Terms).
12.	Confidential Information
12.1	Each of the Advisor and IDN may be given access to information that is proprietary or confidential by the other party (including but not limited to information relating to Firms, Opportunities [and Targets]) (together “Confidential Information”), in order to perform its obligations under these Terms.  A party's Confidential Information shall not be deemed to include information that:
i.	is or becomes publicly known other than through any act or omission of the receiving party;
ii.	was in the other party's lawful possession before the disclosure;
iii.	is lawfully disclosed to the receiving party by a third party without restriction on disclosure; or
iv.	is independently developed by the receiving party, which independent development can be shown by written evidence.
12.2	Subject to paragraph 12.5, each of IDN and the Advisor shall hold the other's Confidential Information in confidence and not make the other's Confidential Information available to any third party, or use the other's Confidential Information for any purpose other than the implementation of these Terms.
12.3	Each of IDN and the Advisor shall take all reasonable steps to ensure that the other's Confidential Information to which it has access is not disclosed or distributed by its employees or agents in violation of these Terms.
12.4	The Advisor represents and warrants that the disclosure of any information via the Platform (whether Confidential Information or otherwise) will not breach any contractual, legal or regulatory obligation it may have. The Advisor accepts full liability for any breach of the representations and warranties contained in this paragraph 12.4 and agrees to indemnify IDN for any and all losses that it may incur as a result of a breach by the Advisor of such representation and warranty.
12.5	Notwithstanding the foregoing, a party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent such Confidential Information is required to be disclosed by law, by any governmental or other regulatory authority or by a court or other authority of competent jurisdiction, provided that, to the extent it is legally permitted to do so, it gives the other party as much notice of such disclosure as possible and, where notice of disclosure is not prohibited and is given in accordance with this paragraph 12.5, it takes into account the reasonable requests of the other party in relation to the content of such disclosure.
12.6	The Advisor acknowledges that details of the Services, and the results of any performance tests of the Services, constitute IDN’s Confidential Information.
12.7	IDN acknowledges that the Advisor Data is the Confidential Information of the Advisor.
12.8	No party shall make, or permit any person to make, any public announcement concerning these Terms without the prior written consent of the other parties (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), except as required by law, any governmental or regulatory authority (including, without limitation, any relevant securities exchange), any court or other authority of competent jurisdiction.
12.9	The above provisions of this paragraph 12 shall survive termination of these Terms, however arising.
13.	Term and termination
13.1	These Terms shall, unless otherwise terminated as provided in this paragraph 13, commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, unless terminated in accordance with this paragraph 13.1, 13.2 or 13.3 unless terminated by either IDN with immediate effect by giving written notice to terminate to the Advisor, or by the Advisor by giving written notice to terminate to IDN on the later of (i) the date of the notice to terminate and (ii) the Advisor having no more open Opportunities on the Platform.
13.2	Without affecting any other right or remedy available to it, IDN may terminate these Terms and prevent an Advisor’s access to the Platform with immediate effect by giving written notice to the Advisor if:
i.	the Advisor commits a material breach of any other term of these Terms which breach is irremediable or (if such breach is remediable) fails to remedy that breach within a period of 14 days after being Notified in writing to do so; or
ii.	any insolvency event occurs in respect of the Advisor.
13.3	On termination of these Terms for any reason:
i.	all licences granted under these Terms shall immediately terminate and the Advisor shall immediately cease all use of the Platform and the Services;
ii.	IDN may destroy or otherwise dispose of any of the Advisor Data in its possession in accordance with paragraph 11.6v, unless IDN receives, no later than ten (10) days after the effective date of the termination of these Terms, a written request for the delivery to the Advisor of the then most recent back-up of the Advisor Data. IDN shall use reasonable commercial endeavours to deliver the back-up to the Advisor within thirty (30) days of its receipt of such a written request, provided that the Advisor has, at that time, paid all fees and charges outstanding at and resulting from termination (whether or not due at the date of termination). The Advisor shall pay all reasonable expenses incurred by IDN in returning or disposing of Advisor Data; and
iii.	any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities of the parties that have accrued up to the date of termination, including without limitation any Fees and the right to claim damages in respect of any breach of these Terms which existed at or before the date of termination shall not be affected or prejudiced by termination.
14.	How has IDN limited its liability?
14.1	IDN is not responsible for any delays, delivery failures, or any other loss or damage resulting from the transfer of data over communications networks and facilities, including the internet, and the Advisor acknowledges that the Platform and/or the Services may be subject to limitations, delays and other problems inherent in the use of such communications facilities.
14.2	IDN shall have no liability to the Advisor under these Terms if it is prevented from or delayed in performing its obligations under these Terms, or from carrying on its business, by acts, events, omissions or accidents beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, strikes, lock-outs or other industrial disputes (whether involving the workforce of IDN or any other party), failure of a utility service or transport or telecommunications network, act of God, war, riot, civil commotion, malicious damage, lockdown, breakout of Notifiable disease or pandemic, compliance with any law or governmental order, rule, regulation or direction, accident, breakdown of plant or machinery, fire, flood, storm or default of suppliers or sub-contractors, provided that the Advisor is Notified of such an event and its expected duration.
14.3	Except as expressly and specifically provided in these Terms:
i.	the Advisor assumes sole responsibility for any information uploaded to the Platform by the Advisor, any results obtained from the use of the Services by the Advisor, and any conclusions drawn from such use;
ii.	IDN shall have no liability for any damage caused by errors or omissions in any information provided to IDN by the Advisor, any exercise of discretion by IDN, any actions taken by IDN at the Advisor's direction or any breach of applicable laws and/or regulations by reason of the Advisor’s activities or information uploaded to the Platform by the Advisor;
iii.	By accepting any Opportunity for dissemination via the Platform, IDN does not, and shall not be taken to have (i) given any representation or warranty as to the compliance of the Opportunity with the Requirements, or the compliance of the Advisor with its contractual, regulatory or legal obligations; (ii) provided any Advice to the Advisor or any other person in respect of the Opportunity; or (iii) given any authorisation of any financial promotion that may be made, or may have been made, by the Advisor;
iv.	all warranties, representations, conditions and all other terms of any kind whatsoever implied by statute or common law are, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, excluded from these Terms;
v.	IDN shall have no responsibility or liability for the behaviour or conduct of any person using the Platform; and
vi.	the Services are provided to the Advisor on an "as is" basis.
14.4	Nothing in these Terms excludes the liability of IDN:
i.	for death or personal injury caused by IDN’s gross negligence;
ii.	for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or
iii.	for any other loss or damage incapable of exclusion by applicable law.
14.5	Subject to paragraph 14.3 and paragraph 14.4:
i.	IDN shall not be liable whether in tort (including for negligence or breach of statutory duty), contract, misrepresentation, restitution or otherwise for any loss of profits, loss of business, depletion of goodwill and/or similar losses or loss or corruption of data or information, or pure economic loss, or for any special, indirect or consequential loss, costs, damages, charges or expenses however arising under these Terms; and
ii.	IDN’s total aggregate liability to the Advisor in contract, tort (including negligence or breach of statutory duty), misrepresentation, restitution or otherwise, arising in connection with the performance or contemplated performance of these Terms shall be limited to the lower of: (i) £10,000; and (ii) the sum of Fees paid to IDN by any Firms in respect of Opportunities submitted to the Platform by the Advisor during the period of twelve (12) months immediately preceding the date on which the cause of action for which IDN is found liable arose.
14.6	The Advisor irrevocably agrees to indemnify IDN against all costs, damages, fines, losses and expenses (including reasonable professional fees) suffered by IDN as a result of the submission, publication and/or other activities undertaken by IDN in respect of an Opportunity in compliance with these Terms.
15.	Who owns the Platform?
15.1	IDN and its licensor(s) are the sole owners of the Platform, which includes any software, domains, and content made available through the Platform. The Platform is protected by UK and International copyright and other intellectual property laws. All such rights are reserved.
15.2	IDN permits each Advisor to use the Platform for its own personal and/or commercial use subject to these Terms and IDN grants each Advisor a limited and non-transferable licence solely for that purpose.
15.3	An Advisor may not sell, export, license, modify, copy, distribute or transmit the Platform (or any part of it) without IDN's prior express written consent.
15.4	Any unauthorised use of the Platform may result in the termination of the limited licence granted by IDN. IDN reserves the right to terminate the limited licence in respect of an Advisor in its sole and absolute discretion.
15.5	IDN and its graphics, logos, icons and service names related to the Platform are registered and unregistered trademarks or trade dress of IDN. They may not be used without IDN's prior express written permission.
15.6	All other trademarks not owned by IDN that appear in connection with the Platform are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to or sponsored by IDN. IDN accepts no liability for any unauthorised use of any trademarks by any Advisor, Firm or third party.
16.	What security measures does IDN have in place?
16.1	Whilst IDN has implemented commercially reasonable technical and organisational measures to secure Advisor’s personal information and Advisor Data from unauthorised use, we cannot guarantee that unauthorised third parties will never be able to defeat those measures. IDN accepts no liability for any losses associated with any unauthorised use.
16.2	Each Advisor acknowledges that he provides personal information and Advisor Data at his own risk.
16.3	By downloading, using and/or accessing in any way the Platform and/or material provided through the Platform, each Advisor consents to receiving electronic communications and notices from IDN.
16.4	Each Advisor agrees that any notice, agreement, disclosure or other communications that IDN sends to him electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.
17.	Third party links
17.1	From time to time You may find links to third-party websites on the Platform. These links are provided for Your information only and are not recommended by, associated with or in any way attributable to IDN. IDN has no control over the content of third-party sites and accepts no responsibility or liability for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from Your use of them. When accessing a third-party website, You are advised to check such website’s terms of service and privacy policy to ensure compliance with applicable laws.
17.2	From time to time an Advisor may use or access services, promotions and websites of third parties. In using or accessing third party services, promotions and websites, the Advisor agrees to be bound by the terms of service of such third parties governing their services, promotions and websites and hereby acknowledges that IDN shall not be responsible for the provision of services, accuracy of promotions or content of websites belonging or operated by third parties.
18.	General
18.1	IDN may change or discontinue the Services and/or Platform at any time without prior notice. IDN reserves the right to terminate these Terms for any reason, without notice. In the event of any termination, the Advisor will immediately cease use of the Services and Platform.
18.2	These Terms are agreed between the Advisor and IDN. No other person shall have any rights under or connection with these Terms and Conditions under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
18.3	If any court or competent authority decides that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such provision shall, to that extent only, be severed from the remaining terms, which shall continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law and interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the commercial interests of the parties.
18.4	IDN’s failure to enforce any provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of that or any other provision and will not relieve an Advisor from the obligation to comply with such provision.
18.5	No Advisor is permitted to assign, transfer, charge, sub-contract or deal in any other manner with all or any of its rights under these Terms without IDN’s prior express written consent. IDN may assign, transfer, charge, sub-contract or deal in any other manner with all or any its rights under these Terms.
18.6	These Terms and each of the documents referenced herein set forth the entire understanding and agreement between each Advisor and IDN with respect to the subject matter hereof.
18.7	These Terms, their subject matter and formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by the laws of England and Wales. IDN and the Advisor agree to be subjected to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
18.8	Notices shall be served by IDN on the Advisor by email to the email address associated with the Advisor’s account at the date the notice is sent.
18.9	Notices may only be served on IDN at its registered office address from time to time and shall be deemed to have been served;
i.	if delivered by hand, at the time proof is obtained that the notice was left at the address or given to the addressee; or
ii.	in the case of pre-paid first-class UK post or the other next working day delivery service, at 9:00 am on the second day after posting or at the time recorded by the delivery service.
18.10	Nothing in these Terms is intended to or shall operate to create a partnership between IDN and the Advisor, or authorise either of them to act as agent for the other, and neither IDN nor the Advisor shall have the authority to act in the name or on behalf of or otherwise to bind the other in any way (including, but not limited to, the making of any representation or warranty, the assumption of any obligation or liability and the exercise of any right or power).


 
SCHEDULE 1: DEFINITIONS
The following capitalised terms shall have the meanings given in this table.
Advice	legal, financial, strategic or transactional advice;

Advisor	an independent senior executive, industry expert, mergers and acquisition or corporate finance firm or any other advisor as invited to the Platform by IDN from time to time;

Applicable Laws	has the meaning given in paragraph 11.6(i);
Binding Offer	an offer from the Firm to the Target to enter into a Transaction which is binding on the parties subject to completion of due diligence and execution of definitive documentation;

Closed and Completion	in respect of a Transaction, when the Target and the Firm have signed and dated binding Transaction documentation (with all conditions satisfied);

Competitive Process 	any structured, competitive bidding process that has been officially launched by the Target of that Opportunity, or by one or more shareholders of the Target, and managed typically by a third party such as a Financial Advisor, in which the desired end result is for the Target to be either: (i) sold in its entirety; (ii) receiving an investment from a third party;

Confidential Information	means all confidential or proprietary information (in any form or media, whether electronic, paper or oral) about the Target whether or not designated as such which is furnished by or on behalf of the Advisor to the Firm or the Firm to the Advisor (whether before, on or after the date of an Introduction), including (a) the name of the Target (b) such portions of any analyses, compilations, data, studies, notes, translations, memoranda or other documents prepared by the Firm and (c) the fact that any investigations, discussions or negotiations are taking place concerning a Transaction.  The term “Confidential Information” excludes information that: (i) was known by the relevant party prior to disclosure to it by the other party, or (ii) is or becomes generally available to the public other than through a breach of this agreement by a party or its Representatives.

Consultancy Agreement	an agreement substantially in the form of as available on request to IDN;

Consultancy Fees	all fees due to the Advisor from the Firm pursuant to a Consultancy Agreement which shall be paid to IDN as agent on behalf of the Advisor;

Consultancy Offer	an offer made via the Platform by a Firm to an Advisor requesting the provision of Consultancy Services from the Advisor;

Consultancy Work	paid consulting work carried out by an Advisor to a Firm pursuant to a Consultancy Agreement based on his expertise via the Platform;

Documentation	any pertinent documentation relating to a Target provided by an Advisor to a Firm;

Domestic UK Law	has the meaning given in paragraph 11.6(i);
Effective Date	the date on which the first of the events set out in paragraph 2.2 occurs;

Enterprise Value	(i) the total amount of cash and the fair market value (on the date of Closing of the Transaction) of all other property paid or payable and consideration receivable (including all amounts paid into escrow or deferred amounts together with any amounts representing interest thereon) in connection with or in anticipation of a Transaction and includes, without limitation, amounts paid or payable in respect of convertible securities, warrants, stock appreciation rights, options or similar rights, whether or not vested; and (ii) the present value of deferred non-contingent payments (such as instalment payments); (iii) the present value of amounts awarded or payable under employee benefit plans, consulting agreements, non-compete agreements, above-market employment contracts or similar arrangements established or entered into in connection with the Transaction; (iv) contingent payments; and, (v) in the case of a partnership, joint venture or similar structure, the gross value of all cash, securities, assets and other consideration contributed, invested, committed, or otherwise made available by the Target and any other participants in such partnership, joint venture or similar structure;

Firm	an authorised individual employed by, contracted to or a partner of a private equity firm (such firm and the authorised individual, referred to together as the “Firm”);

Fully Diluted Share Capital	the entire issued share capital of the Target together with any unexercised options, warrants, convertible securities and rights to acquire shares in the capital of the Target;

IDN Commission	has the meaning given in paragraph 7.9;
Introduction	an introduction of the Target to the Firm in accordance with paragraph 5.12;

LCIA Rules	the LCIA Arbitration Rules which can be found at https://www.lcia.org/Dispute_Resolution_Services/lcia-arbitration-rules-2020.aspx (as updated from time to time);

Long Stop Notice	has the meaning given in paragraph 5.13;

Mandate Requirements	the requirements set by the Firm of the types of business which the Firm wishes the Advisor to source;

Non-Binding Offer	an indicative offer made by the Firm to the Target prior to commencement of due diligence and material negotiations;

NDA	a Non-Disclosure and Confidentiality Agreement in the form annexed hereto as Annex 1;

Notify	send a Notification or notice to IDN via the Platform;

Opportunity	anonymised details of private equity investment opportunities;

Original Mandate Agreement	an agreement substantially in the form as available on request by the Advisor to IDN;
Origination Mandate Introduction Fee	an additional fee payable by the Firm to the Advisor calculated in accordance with Part D of Schedule 2;

Platform	the website at www.infradeals.net and any other applications (including without limitation for smart devices) published by us from time to time;

Pre Introduction Termination Notice	has the meaning given in paragraph 5.11;
Privacy Policy	IDN’s privacy policy which can be found on the Platform at [www.infradeals.net/privacy];

Representatives	in the case of either a Firm or the Advisor, its members, officers, affiliates, employees, registered representatives, agents and advisors (including, without limitation, attorneys);

Request	has the meaning given in paragraph 8.1;
Requirements	the certain requirements of IDN from time to time which an opportunity must meet in order to be accepted to the Platform by IDN;

Services	the provision of the Platform and all other associated services provided by IDN to the Firm;

Success Fee	the fee payable by the Firm to each of the Advisor and IDN in accordance with paragraph 6.1;

Target	the company to which the Opportunity relates;

Termination Notice	has the meaning given in paragraph 5.12;

Terms	these terms and conditions;

Transaction	includes any of the following (or the grant of any right or option which, on exercise, would be likely to result in any of the following):
i.	any sale or other disposal of all or a part of the total equity share capital, voting rights, indebtedness or other financial instruments in the Target or any entity which is an Affiliate thereof (the Target together with such Affiliates, the “Group”);
ii.	a capital raise by the Target which may be consummated by way of a possible issuance of equity or equity-linked securities by the Target (or other member of the Group) and/or the sale of shares by existing shareholders of the Target (or other member of the Group);
iii.	a merger or acquisition involving the Target or other entity holding or controlling all or a part of the Group’s assets, whether by tender offer, scheme of arrangement or otherwise;
any transaction involving, directly or indirectly, the disposal or distribution of all or a part of the assets of a member of the Group, howsoever effected whether by means of sale, operation of law, special dividend or otherwise; and

Virus	any worms, Trojan horses, viruses and other similar things or devices.

In these Terms:
(i)	any reference to any gender includes any reference to the other genders; and
(ii)	a reference to a person includes a corporate or unincorporated body or association (whether or not having separate legal personality) or a natural person.


 
SCHEDULE 2: FEES
PART A: SUCCESS FEE
The Success Fee shall be calculated on a cumulative tiered basis as shown in the table below:
Enterprise Value of Target in proportion to the share of the Fully Diluted Share Capital of the Target when the is Transaction Closed (£)*	Success Fee (%)	Minimum to Maximum Success Fee Threshold (£)
Small cap (£1-50mil)	1.2%	£12-600k
Medium cap (£50-550mil)	0.2%	£600-1.6mil
Large cap (£550mil +)	0.08%	£1.6-2mil
For the avoidance of doubt, the Success Fees in the above table are cumulative and apply to the amount of Enterprise Value falling within the relevant tier.
*The provisions of paragraph 6.6 shall apply to any Enterprise Value recorded in a currency other than Pounds Sterling
PART B: ORIGINATION MANDATE INTRODUCTION FEE
The Origination Mandate Introduction Fee shall be a lump sum amount calculated by reference to the highest Enterprise Value set out in the Mandate Requirements specified by the Client in the Request. The Origination Mandate Introduction Fee shall be as follows:
Enterprise Value of Target in proportion to the share of the Fully Diluted Share Capital of the Target when the is Transaction Closed (£)*	Amount of Origination Mandate Introduction Fee (£)
Small cap (£1-50mil)	£[12,000]
Medium cap (£50-550mil)	£[16,000]
Large cap (£550mil +)	£[24,000]
The Origination Mandate Introduction Fee will be invoiced to the Firm by IDN at the end of the calendar month in which the Introduction occurred.
Payment of the Origination Mandate Introduction Fee shall be in the same manner as set out in paragraphs 6.6 and 6.7.
The Advisor agrees that any Origination Mandate Introduction Fee received will be offset against the final Success Fee payable to the Advisor.
*The provisions of paragraph 6.6 shall apply to any Enterprise Value recorded in a currency other than Pounds Sterling


ANNEX 1: NDA

This agreement is entered into between a Firm and the Advisor automatically on every occasion on which the Advisor selects the Firm for an Opportunity. Each of the Firm and Advisor (each a “party”) agrees as follows:
1.	This agreement governs the terms and conditions under which:
(i)	an Advisor may disclose Confidential Information to a Firm in connection with an Opportunity;
(ii)	the Firm may disclose Confidential Information to an Advisor as part of evaluating an Opportunity and/or negotiating a Transaction; and
(iii)	in each case how Confidential Information is treated.
2.	Capitalised terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning given in Schedule 1 to the Terms. This agreement is intended to supplement and not replace any provisions of the Terms.

3.	Except in accordance with paragraph 4 below, or otherwise with the written consent of the other party, neither the Firm nor the Advisor shall disclose Confidential Information to any person other than its Representatives and shall limit dissemination of Confidential Information to such Representatives who have a “need to know” and have been advised of the confidentiality provisions of this agreement.  Each of the Firm and the Advisor shall be responsible for any breach of this agreement by its own Representatives.

4.	Each of the Firm and the Advisor may disclose Confidential Information only if, after consultation with counsel, it reasonably believes such disclosure must be made in order to comply with applicable law, regulation or legal or judicial process.  If the Firm or the Advisor, or any of its Representatives, becomes legally compelled (including by deposition, interrogatory, request for documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process) to disclose any of the Confidential Information, the Firm or the Advisor (as applicable) shall, except as prohibited by law, provide the other party with prompt prior written notice of such requirement so that the other party may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy.  If such protective order is not obtained, the disclosing party agrees to disclose only that portion of the Confidential Information which, following consultation with counsel, it reasonably believes is legally required to be disclosed and will take reasonable steps to preserve the confidentiality of the Confidential Information (including obtaining reasonable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded the Confidential Information).

5.	With effect from the issue or deemed issue of a Pre Introduction Termination Notice or a Termination Notice (as applicable) (the “Termination Date”), each of the Firm and the Advisor, and its Representatives, shall continue to be bound by the non-disclosure obligations of this agreement with respect to any Confidential Information held by them, save that with effect from the Termination Date the Advisor may disclose the name of the Target and any other Documentation provided by the Advisor to the Firm or to any other Firm or person in accordance with the Terms.

6.	Each of the Firm and the Advisor undertakes that they shall not do (or allow to be done including by their Representatives) anything which may circumvent IDN or each other including without limitation:
(a)	offering the Opportunity to any other person save that the Advisor may offer the Opportunity to another Firm after the Termination Date, or to any other person once the Opportunity has been withdrawn by the Advisor from the Platform in accordance with the Terms;
(b)	(in the case of the Firm) after the Termination Date directly or indirectly (including without limitation via any third party) continuing to negotiate with the Target or within twelve (12) months after the Termination Date re-engaging with the Target with a view to consummating a Transaction and/or consummating a Transaction save that the Firm is allowed to hold M&A discussions and proceed to an eventual acquisition of the Target if a third party (including without limitation an investment bank or a financial advisor) or the Target itself, approaches the Firm directly to propose M&A discussions concerning the Target; and
(c)	acting, or inducing any other person to act, otherwise than in good faith towards IDN.

7.	Each of the Firm and the Advisor agrees that money damages may not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this agreement by the Firm or the Advisor or their Representatives and that in addition to all other available legal or equitable remedies, the other party and/or IDN shall be entitled to seek equitable relief, including injunction and specific performance, for any breach of the provisions of this agreement, without proof of actual damages.  Each of the Firm and the Advisor further agrees to waive any requirement for the securing or posting of any bond or security of costs in connection with such remedy. Without limiting in any way the rights of IDN, the Firm or the Advisor to bring a claim against a party in breach of the restrictions in this agreement, in the event of any breach of this agreement, IDN shall be permitted to invoice, and the breaching party shall be permitted to pay, the maximum amount of the Success Fee that would have been due to IDN had the Opportunity Closed.

8.	IDN may enforce any provision of this agreement as if a party to it and may in its sole and absolute discretion exercise the rights of either party to seek relief for any breach hereof.

9.	This agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall continue to bind the Firm and the Advisor for a period of twenty-four (24) months from the date on which it comes into force save that:

(a)	if on receipt of the name of the Target (the “Disclosure Time”), the Firm realises that it is already working, directly or indirectly, to plan a potential acquisition or bid in respect of the Target, the Firm must notify IDN within seventy-two (72) hours from the Disclosure Time providing the evidence detailed in (b) below and, on acceptance of such evidence by IDN, this agreement shall terminate;
(b)	the evidence referenced in (a) above shall be sanitised written documentation or correspondence demonstrating that the Firm was working with the Target prior to the Disclosure Time, or in the absence of such documentation or correspondence, a statement from the Firm confirming that it was working with the Target prior to the Disclosure Time which statement shall have the force of a statutory declaration and shall be relied upon by IDN and the Advisor. Provision of an untrue or misleading statement by the Firm shall constitute a material breach of the Terms in accordance with paragraph 13.2(i).

10.	The provisions of paragraph 18 of the Terms shall apply to this agreement.
